h1. Todo

h2. Priorities

On a scale of 1-5, where 1 is a feature that *has* to be complete before we can use the app in production
 
 1 "My Standing" for logged-in users
 1 Users/Permissions, attaching Members to Users
 1 Wishlists
 
 3 Last Loot
 2 Styled 404/exception pages
 2 Summary page; class counts, attendance averages, loot factor averages
 
 3 Achievements
 3 Edit Raid interface
 3 New/Edit Item (Drop) interfaces
 3 New/Edit rank interfaces
 3 Performance; caching
 3 Real-time raid and item logging (online JuggyAttendance replacement)
 3 Redesign interface to better fit with the forums (Redesign the forums, I say!)
 3 Relative dates ("Falls off loot factor in x days"), "[Punishment] expires in 3 days")
 
 4 "Who's Online" list
 4 Comments, Admin notes
 4 Searching
 
 5 Logging of actions
 5 Statistics - number of members, raids, items
 5 XML resources

h2. Bugs

* FIXME: A styled button without an image isn't the same height as one with an image

h2. Short term

h3. Item Normalization

If we rename an item, other items that used to have that name don't get renamed

* Rename 'Item' to 'Loot' - these are the actual loots people get, the items that drop on raids
** t.references :item
** drop 'name'
* Create 'Item', these are unique items that allow for normalizing the name
** belongs_to Drop

h2. Medium term

* Wishlists
* Users & Permissions
** 'My Standing' link dependant on login status and whether or not a member of that name exists?
** PLEASE try to make it hook into IPB's auth system
* Comments on stuff ('I was late for this raid and didn't send you a tell, please add me anyway?!')
** Admin note section ('Modrack needs his [Betrayer of Humanity] changed to BiS once 3.1 hits')

* Administration
** New/Edit Item pages
** Edit Raid page
** New/Edit Rank pages
*** Hide overrides Member.active ?
** Quick ItemPrice interface?
* Search controller
** /search/:context/:query
*** /search/members/Tsigo takes me to Tsigo's page
*** /search/items/Warglaive gives me a list of items that match

h3. Interface Overhaul

* Item type filters
** [Option] Make the 'Notes' value clickable to only show that type, and then put a 'clear' icon next to it?
* Glyph icons similar to IPBoard 3 for edit/delete inside each row
* Navigation
** [Option] Drop-down menu navigation system
** [Option] Left-hand menu navigation
* Column sorting in spots where Javascript can't be used
** http://wiki.rubyonrails.com/rails/pages/SortHelper2

h2. Long term

* Achievements
* Administration
** Logging ('Tsigo added a raid on 2009-01-01')
* Exception handling so people can't tell it's Rails (?)
** http://hoptoadapp.com/welcome